==============
Privacy Policy
==============

Anton Korenyushkin operates website akshell.com. It is Anton
Korenyushkin's policy to respect your privacy regarding any
information he may collect while operating his websites.

Website Visitors
================

Like most website operators, Anton Korenyushkin collects
non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers
and servers typically make available, such as the browser type,
language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each
visitor request. Anton Korenyushkin's purpose in collecting
non-personally identifying information is to better understand how his
visitors use his website. From time to time, Anton Korenyushkin may
release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g.,
by publishing a report on trends in the usage of his website.

Anton Korenyushkin also collects potentially personally-identifying
information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Anton Korenyushkin does
not use such information to identify his visitors, however, and does
not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances
that he uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as
described below.

Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
===============================================

Certain visitors to Anton Korenyushkin's websites choose to interact
with Anton Korenyushkin in ways that require Anton Korenyushkin to
gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of
information that Anton Korenyushkin gathers depends on the nature of
the interaction. For example, he asks visitors who sign up for an
account at akshell.com to provide a username and email address. In
each case, Anton Korenyushkin collects such information only insofar
as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's
interaction with Anton Korenyushkin. Anton Korenyushkin does not
disclose personally-identifying information other than as described
below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying
information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in
certain website-related activities.

Aggregated Statistics
=====================

Anton Korenyushkin may collect statistics about the behavior of
visitors to his websites. Anton Korenyushkin may display this
information publicly or provide it to others. However, Anton
Korenyushkin does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below.

Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
========================================================

Anton Korenyushkin discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only to those of his employees,
contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that
information in order to process it on Anton Korenyushkin's behalf or
to provide services available at Anton Korenyushkin's websites, and
(ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those
employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located
outside of your home country; by using Anton Korenyushkin's websites,
you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Anton
Korenyushkin will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying
and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to his
employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described
above, Anton Korenyushkin discloses potentially personally-identifying
and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by
law, or when Anton Korenyushkin believes in good faith that disclosure
is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Anton
Korenyushkin, third parties or the public at large. If you are a
registered user of an Anton Korenyushkin website and have supplied
your email address, Anton Korenyushkin may occasionally send you an
email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just
keep you up to date with what's going on with the site. He primarily
uses his blog to communicate this type of information, so he expects
to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send a support request
via a support email, he reserves the right to publish it in order to
help him clarify or respond to your request or to help him support
other users. Anton Korenyushkin takes all measures reasonably
necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration
or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information.

Cookies
=======

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a
visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the
website each time the visitor returns. Anton Korenyushkin uses cookies
to help Anton Korenyushkin identify and track visitors, their usage of
Anton Korenyushkin website, and their website access
preferences. Anton Korenyushkin visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse
cookies before using Anton Korenyushkin's websites, with the drawback
that certain features of Anton Korenyushkin's websites may not
function properly without the aid of cookies.

Privacy Policy Changes
======================

Although most changes are likely to be minor, Anton Korenyushkin may
change his Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Anton
Korenyushkin's sole discretion. Anton Korenyushkin encourages visitors
to frequently check this page for any changes to his Privacy
Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this
Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

Thanks to the kind people of http://wordpress.com/ and
http://bitbucket.org/ for making this document available under the
Creative Commons ShareAlike license.
